Update threat-detection-configure.md (#9039)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/threat-detection-configure.md

    
## Set up Advanced Threat Protection using PowerShell

> For a script example, see [Configure auditing and Advanced Threat Protection using PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/az.sql/get-azsqldatabaseadvancedthreatprotectionsetting?view=azps-10.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a script example, see [Configure auditing and Advanced Threat Protection using PowerShell](/powershell/module/az.sql/get-azsqldatabaseadvancedthreatprotectionsetting?view=azps-10.0.0&preserve-view=true).
```
